I consider digital history to be a variety of platforms that allow historians to examine the past through new innovations in technology and communications. This can make such history more available through the use of online mediums.

This interpretation of digital history is emphasized in Kimberly Martin's 'Clio, Rewired: Propositions for the Future of Digital History Pedagogy in Canada'. In this article, Martin covers numerous online platforms and projects that have made the oral histories of numerous minority groups more available. For example, Martin discusses the Archives of Lesbian Oral Testimony (ALOT) project founded at Simon Fraser University.<sup>1</sup> As the project has been created online, historians can easily access the histories it holds. Had the project been developed in a library in physical format, it may have been more difficult to access. However, with that being said, it is important to acknowledge the digital silences that occur when accessing material online. As explained in the Twitter thread by Amalia Skarlatou Levi, digital silences are present in institutions because what they show online, is not all that the institution has to offer. <sup>2</sup> Therefore, there may be further information on a topic in physical format at an institution's library. Although I have yet to experience a 'digital silence', I will be sure to keep it mind when completing further work with digital history.

Digital history provides historians with platforms to access the histories of groups who have been left-out of "mainstream" history. As previously mentioned and observed during this week's course content, the Archives of Lesbian Oral Testimony (ALOT) project founded at Simon Fraser University achieves such a purpose by establishing a platform to share the oral histories of a marginalized group. I found this extremely exciting as it is important to acknowledge that not everyone experiences history the same way. One's experiences differs from another's based off of their gender, sexuality, race, nationality etc. Therefore, learning about the histories of different groups is essential. With this being said, I would like to continue to use digital history as a method of learning about the histories of marginalized groups and groups who have not been able to traditionally share their histories with others.
-----
<sup>1</sup> Kimberly Martin, 'Clio, Rewired: Propositions for the Future of Digital History Pedagogy in Canada,' *The Canadian Historical Review*, no. 4, (December 2020), p. 632
<sup>2</sup> Amalia S. Levi, Twitter post, April 1 2020, 10:56 P.M., https://twitter.com/amaliasl/status/1245545524851363840
